a reminder to bring their contributions
at Briarwood
no you totally blew it with Suzy can't
let girls know you're too interested I
only called her once that was your big
mistake you gotta make her call you and
how do I do that
tell me you know me
it's everything my my walkman my
calculator mr. Harris said we could use
them for the calculus exam you sure you
didn't leave it at home no I
specifically left it in here so I
wouldn't forget to bring it to class you
should do what I do what's that
skip calculus
we were allowed to bring your calculator
and hurt it was stolen by the guy who's
been hitting everybody's lockers I
thought he was just stealing Lots he
probably needed it to add up all the
money he's taken well I'm certain you
can share with someone else Susan would
you how about using mine
Thanks
bridgie got hit yeah my radio my
calculator
he got my radio during basketball
practice 23 bucks and my lunch not one
of your pepperoni and peanut butter
sandwiches poor guy 23 bucks won't begin
to cover his hospital costs I'll bet it
was the same guy so I'm going through
the coach's desk so he was looking for
the keys to the equipment closet the
next day the coach found some cash
missing who's that Kirk Kirk the only
thing he might want to steal our
cheerleaders hearts you got someone
gonna warn maybe but who's the only guy
who hasn't had his locker broken into
how would he it's the only thing he's
got a very value and he would've sold
this long ago if he could have found a
buyer
gotta go Susan I have a date
when did he start dating Suzi I don't
know said all of a sudden she just
called him
I can't do it I just can't do it
shrinking Andrew the person I most
admire no way I can think of worse
people the most admire not without
including circus act Aaron it's called
making points you have a meeting out of
your hand
I can't isn't your birthday coming up
soon yeah
andrew is going to be getting you
something nice anyway and I guess I
could find something nice to say about
him sure what have you got to lose just
my pride my dignity my self-respect
Andrew just a man I want to see and
would you do me a little favor doesn't
involve an extended absence from school
of course not that I'm not interested
Andrew this is a new radio transmitter
I've been working on is the smallest
locating device ever invented
yeah with my help and yours someday this
device will be sewn at the children's
clothing and do you know what that will
mean no more lost socks no more lost
children oh great how can I help
well right now this transmitter is FM
stable it will only travel a hundred
yards or so but if you'll put it in your
pocket and ride your bike around the
block I'll be able to follow you on the
screen okay I'll get my bike
big breaks could use a little work
it's great where did you get it I want
to play poker
give me a break come on I'm wanting
cards before yeah when you played your
cousin's second grade class well it was
her deck
Dirk is not exactly the analytical type
busy
mrs. turn
we also miss Esther
it's brakes
you all right oh man get back to me
again when my heart starts beating maybe
you should leave this in my place
tomorrow we'll work on the brakes yeah
thanks buddy these things are a lot more
fun when you're alive can you believe
how close I came to that truck
Wow mom when did Angie get his tonsils
out when he was five your throat isn't
sore is it no I'm trying to write an
essay on the person I admire most
and you chose your brother sure who else
Oh Aaron that's so nice mom where's mom
they still have no idea who's ripping
everyone off at school
get me Sloane's brother Blake got his
dirt bike stolen yesterday his dirt bike
ready in his backyard what makeup dirt
bike I don't know it was just a bike
yeah I guess it was dirty did it have
any distinguishing marks on it you mean
like a mole on its front fender Blake's
initials were painted on the bikes gas
tank you don't know Blake Sloan do you
no not really
excuse me I I gotta make a phone call
don't you jump to conclusions I'm sure
there's a good reason for the bike being
in a garage of course there is
remember that dirtbikes Turk once yes
it's stolen you don't think Kirk stole
it too you know
not really
I'm sort of wondering how he got it well
he said he wanted playing poker dr. J
have you ever played poker with Kirk I
take it Kirk doesn't have a good poker
face the astronaut said there were two
things they could see from the moon one
was a Great Wall of China the other was
Kirk's eyes when he got a three of a
kind
Andrew Kirk's your friend you should be
talking to him about this not me and if
I were you I'd move the bike out of the
garage come on who's gonna think our
thief
I know I wasn't and Kirk wouldn't think
you would steal it either woody need
some help oh no thanks oh hi mr. Dexter
I can explain I'm Jana Campbell's sick
and she asked me to grab her history
book she gave me the combination but I
guess I forgot it I just thought you'd
break into her locker
well I asked the history book to come
out here but I guess it didn't hear me
you're aware that we've had a rash of
burglaries here lately it's just me you
don't think I had something to do with
those maybe not but if you didn't you
won't mind if I check your locker be my
guest
here's a lock on it yes there is
happy yes I've never seen that stuff
before yeah well I guess it just walked
in there by itself well I don't feel
walk in my locker somebody must have put
that in there right you're suspended
until this matter is thoroughly
investigated
I heard what happened I know now half
the school thinks I'm the thief you're
not part of that half are you by any
chance me come on we've been friends
ever since we were 7 of course there was
a big gap between 8 and 15 real cute
well let's go fix the bike I hate to
tell you but that bikes hot what would
you win it off I don't know some guy I'm
Zack or stacker close friends okay we'll
call the police and reported stolen
we do that and it's not going to look
good for either one of us especially
since you can barely remember who you
want it off of thank you Andrew it only
took me five hours to set up this
experiment perfect time for a break
listen we were wondering if we could
borrow your transmitter no please dr.
Jeff goes for a good cause
me
Andrew Andrew I found something very odd
in the garage last night raccoon Blake
Sloane's dirtbike do you know how it got
in there yeah but if I tell you I might
be getting somebody into trouble you
mean you know who stole it no we sure
hope not
well you don't think I stole it do you
I think I know you a little better than
that but in the morning we're gonna have
to form Blake's parents and they may not
have the faith in you that I have no I
can't meet you after the game
gotta find another person I most admire
have to rewrite my a say yeah bye bye
honey
Cody's basketball team plays its final
game today it'll be our last chance
Aaron the cameras too expensive you
might music could I talk to you
privately for a minute I know I know I
just got a couple of things to take care
of where'd you get back
Sandra's hmmm I just borrowed it for my
cousin's birthday party all right looks
like state of the art yeah and you must
have to do some serious blackmailing get
the moment applause for this one uh
could I be excused
nature's calling all right Andrew the
next time answer B for fast let it go
he's suave mm great
he saw must be around later because the
signals really strong
Kirk did you put the transmitter on the
video camera that was the plan wasn't it
but did you do it well I may have I'll
make it up to you I swear
where are you going supposed to be
Oh
well if it isn't mr. lucky looking for
okay that deer point guy went off for
you like gosh it's hi you said you
wanted off me how could you want to ask
me if I never seen you before
hey start where do you see this Oh Doug
real nice to see you you stupid jerk how
am I supposed to know he's gonna be here
Hey look you guys work this out between
I'll look after this I got a funny
feeling you don't want to do that
what are you doing I got a good thing
going here and I want to keep it that
way
particularly drive into the wrecking
yard then we're gonna have a nice little
talk
if the pop goes well I'm happy you're
happy I'm gonna let you go we could walk
home if it doesn't well why spoil the
surprise comfortable
unless you want to join them I'd shut up
get in the van and keep an eye on him
get in the van
what are you doing
oh my god see you great where I wanted
oh yeah how'd you get your son for us
great public transport you know
sometimes I wonder about you yeah what
about the other times well then I just
think you're weird
to a guy who's Trust is greatly
unequaled thanks I was talking about me
I still can't believe Doug was ripping
everybody off he didn't seem like the
type de jure the human psyche is often a
complicated and nebulous mixture of
stuff what I'm the person I must admire
this ought to be good you did it on me
let me see that
as far as brothers go mine is pretty
super you know she's got a point
yeah or a birthday coming up